CSC 4332 Project 1 Due: April 14, 9 am (morning) This project has three tasks: Task 1: Build a Library Management system that follows this UML diagram Notice that the Interface Class is empty, that is because each group is free to implement a unique interface. The Command Line Interface must be designed for a Librarian to be able add/remove books, add/remove members, and checkout books to specific members. Task 1 Submission: Well-documented code (not just class files) accompanied by a markdown readme file. Submit this in a zip file named “LibraryManagement.zip”. Nominate one group member to submit this. Task 2: Write a Test Suite for your own Library Management System. Use specification-based testing, structural testing (run coverage with JaCoCo), and property-based testing with jqwik (when you deem it to be useful). Task 2 Submission: Well-documented test suite code, comments must identify what kind of testing was used. Submit in the same zip file as above named “LibraryManagement.zip”. Task 3: Individual 2-minute video by each member of the group describing their individual contributions to the project. Each member must contribute to all the tasks. If any member of the group does not contribute equally, it is on the other members to report that person in their videos. If no group member is identified as non-participating, everyone in the group will share the same grade. Task 3 submission: Each member submits their own video. Grading Policy Notes: This project is meant to evaluate not only your code but your design decisions and teamwork (with randomly assigned classmates). The expectation is that you follow most of what was taught in class as good practice for developers and testers. Library Management System is a very old/classic coding problem. Therefore, you may be able to find some of this code online/using AI. This is acceptable. However, you as a team are expected to ensure the code only has the attributes and methods that are listed for the three classes. Additionally, Interface should only implement user-facing functionalities, not library functionalities. You will be penalized if you leave artifacts from AI/websites/GitHub that are not supposed to be in there. You may find what you need online but only specified functionalities must exist in your final code, and you must comment everything well in your own language.